Extension validation config (#2120)
capire/docs: guides/multitenancy/mtxs.md

The job and task status can take on the values `QUEUED`, `RUNNING`, `FINISHED` and `FAILED`.

> ### Extension Restriction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Extension Restrictions
```

> You can restrict what parts of the application model can be extended by the SaaS Customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can restrict what parts of the application model can be extended by the SaaS customer.
```

This section lists the restrictions that you can define via the `extension-allowlist`.

> > As soon as an `extension-allowlist` is present, extensions are forbidden, except those that are listed
> in the `extension-allowlist`.

Reviewer: Shorter:
```suggestion
> If an `extension-allowlist` is defined, only the configured extensions are allowed.
```

Using `"for": ["*"]` allows to apply rules to all entities and services.

:::info
When using `cds push`, the extension project is automatically built. The Build already checks most of the
restrictions locally. But some restrictions can only be checked when the extension is uploaded, e. g.
extension limit violations across multiple extension projects.

> :::

Reviewer: Reads 
```suggestion
:::info Most checks happen at design time
`cds push` automatically builds the extension project, checking most restrictions locally.  
Some checks can only be performed at runtime, for example extension limit violations across multiple projects.
:::
```

> :::info
> When using `cds push`, the extension project is automatically built. The Build already checks most of the
> restrictions locally. But some restrictions can only be checked when the extension is uploaded, e. g.
> extension limit violations across multiple extension projects.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Most checks happen at design time
`cds push` automatically builds the extension project, checking most restrictions locally.  
Some checks can only be performed at runtime, for example extension limit violations across multiple projects.
:::
```

#### Restrict Service Extensions

> By adding services to the `extension-allowlist`, services are enabled for extensions by Saas Customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding services to the `extension-allowlist`, services are enabled for extensions by Saas customers.
```

> In addition, you can restrict the number of bound entities by setting a number for "new-entites".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can restrict the number of bound entities by setting a limit for "new-entites".
```

```jsonc
"cds.xt.ExtensibilityService": {
  "extension-allowlist": [
    {
      // at most 2 new entities in CatalogService
      "for": ["CatalogService"],
      "new-entities": 2
    }
  ]
```

#### Restrict Entities and Fields

Entities can be extended with additional fields and also modifications of existing fields. Both kinds of extensions
can be restricted.
- `new-fields` specifies the maximum number of fields that can be added.
- `fields` lists existing fields that are allowed to be extended. If the list is omitted, all fields can be extended.

```jsonc
"cds.xt.ExtensibilityService": {
  "extension-allowlist": [
    {
      // at most 2 new fields in entities from the my.bookshop namespace
      "for": ["my.bookshop"],
      "new-fields": 2,
      // allow extensions for field "description" only
      "fields": ["description"]
    },
    {
      // at most 1 new fields in my.bookshop.Authors
      "for": ["my.bookshop.Authors"],
      "new-fields": 1
    }
  ]
}
```
This restriction allows two new fields for all entities in namespace `my.bookshop` but only one new field

> in entity `my.bookshop.Authors`.<br>

Reviewer: No `<br>`, just use two newlines:
```suggestion
in entity `my.bookshop.Authors`.

```

The `field` restriction allows
```cds
extend my.bookshop.Books:description with (length: 2000);
```
but not, for example
```cds
extend my.bookshop.Books:title with (length: 200);
```

#### Restrict / Enable Annotations

The following annotations are blocked by default because they affect the persistence or security.
```txt
@restrict
@requires
@readonly
@mandatory
@assert.*
@cds.persistence.*
@sql.append
@sql.prepend
@path
@impl
@cds.autoexpose
@cds.api.ignore
@odata.etag
@cds.query.limit
@cds.localized
@cds.valid.*
@cds.search
```

> You can, at your own risk, add exceptions for Annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can, at your own risk, add exceptions for annotations.
```

```jsonc
"cds.xt.ExtensibilityService": {
      "extension-allowlist": [
        {
          "for": ["my.bookshop.Books"],
          "annotations": ["@mandatory", "@cds.api.ignore"]
        },
        {
          "for": ["my.bookshop.Authors:placeOfBirth"],
          "annotations": ["@mandatory"]
        }
      ]
  }
```

> except for annotation `@cds.persistence.journal` if it is applied as extension to base entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `@cds.persistence.journal` cannot be applied as an extension to base entities.
```

#### Restrict Unbound Entities

You can also restrict unbound entities via their namespace.<br>
For example
```jsonc
"cds.xt.ExtensibilityService": {
  "extension-allowlist": [
    {
      // at most 1 new entities for namepace my.new
      "for": ["my.new"],
      "new-entities": 1
    }
  ]
```

> Only allows one unbound entity with namespace `my.new`.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only allows one unbound entity with namespace `my.new`.
```
